There are some attributes that are common to most farm inputs that we can apply to change how our farms
work first we can make a control read only.
This means that the input is shown in a farm.
But the user can't change its value.
We make a control read only by adding the read only attribute to the input like that.
In the browser the input doesn't look any different but now we can't change the value when the Far be
submitted the value of the control is sent.
However we can apply this attribute to most controls.
Apart from the select control.
We can also disable a control by adding the disabled attribute.
For example we can disable an individual option in a select control like that
and in the browser we can no longer select this option.
Are we can disable the entire control like that.
As they read only control we can't edit this control the all.
But unlike a read only control when the farmer is submitted.
The value of a disabled control is not sent to the server.
Disabled controls I use this show on grade doubts like this.
Although you can change that if you want to.
Finally we can add the autofocus attributes to a control so that this control has the focus when the
farm is first loaded.
So now when we first visit this page the cursor is inside this input that has the autofocus attribute
on it and we can start entering data straightaway.
As with the rest of the team all we've seen so far on this course we haven't applied any styling to
it yet with styles we can do things like line all these controls up at space between them and so on
will look at how to do that later on in the course.